Update links to cvs and citation (#167)
WCRP-CMIP/cmip7-guidance: docs/CMIP7/Guidance_for_users.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It is recommended to access the CVs via the [ESGVOC software](https://esgf.github.io/esgf-vocab/), which provides the definitive reference source for CMIP7 CVs. See below for alternative ways to view the CVs content (these rely on ESGVOC as their "source of truth").
```
Since we're linking to a viewer, it seemed to me this info box needed updating (but open to other ways of phrasing this).

> More information about the meaning of these facets is provided in the [Global Attributes page](Global_Attributes.md). The values associated with each facet are standardized through the [CVs][CVviewer]. They are used to search the ESGF database and can be found in the global attributes of the data. This section provides helpful links and gives a bit more information on a few key facets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the meaning of these facets is provided in the [Global Attributes page](Global_Attributes.md). The values associated with each facet can be viewed using the [CVs viewer][CVviewer]. Facets are used to search the ESGF database and can be found in the global attributes of the data. This section provides helpful links and gives a bit more information on a few key facets. 
```

Reviewer: Also wondering if we should include this link as another way of viewing CVs content:
https://github.com/WCRP-CMIP/cmip7-cmor-tables/tree/main/tables-cvs/split-view
Being able to get the info in simple json files is handy and likely expected by many based on previous CMIP phases. If included, it probably would be worth stating clearly the info in these files also originates from esgvoc (so users are clear that there's one "source of truth" for the CVs).

Author: I rewrote the whole thing to add both ways of viewing the data

Reviewer: Looks good to me - thanks @juliettelavoie
